The Joe Rogan experience. And now we're just talking about it before,
like there's all these articles now about how doctors are saying that the people
coming to them are less sick than they ever were before because Alexa came in in
England or in, um, Italy,
rather they're saying there's such a small amount of virus.
It's almost undetectable. It's run through the country. Yeah.
It's hot. Yeah. You think that's all it was. So Trump was right.
Um, said it was going to go away without any cure.
And then it did. It would, but it would have killed more people. Yeah.
I don't know how many more people though.
I don't know if there could have been a better strategy. I don't know, dude.
The problem is we're Monday, Monday morning. Quarterbacking. Yeah. Yeah. It's.
Like, after the fact we're going, oh, this is what we should have done.
And none of us wrote down. Yeah. I didn't think we were going to die,
but like I thought it could have gotten kind of bad a little bit.
I made a few phone calls of friends. I was like, you know,
go stock your fridges. We might be in the crib for a little bit. But Jonathan.
Had helped me. It was interesting elbow. Why would he say? Cause he got it and.
He was fine. Yeah. I was like, what can I dress? Yeah. Do think they really got.
It? Yes. I do think it's weird that like the second it pops off,
Tom Hanks is like, I got it.
Well the whole crew got it. A lot of people are hospitalized.
It was in Australia. It was a breakout in that area. Yeah. This is what.
I would do if I want people to be afraid. Right. I'd be like,
who's the most famous guy. He got it. Oh, you're going deep conspiracy. I'm.
Just saying wouldn't you do the name of smoked any weed yet? Are we maybe.
At the end? But once I smoke it's over.
You know, itches, fall apart. I'll like start doing like,
I'll start.
Like doing like beatboxing maybe it just gets really bad. Yeah. It's.
Horrible. If we wanted to point to a conspiracy that you,
I would say you would kill Tom Hanks.
I wouldn't say you let him walk away free because he gets it and he
kicks his them. We're tearing out that big. Yeah. I'm not scared of Tom Hanson.
Kick it. Yeah. Tom asking. Kicking. I can kick it for sure. Yeah.
Yeah. That's true. Yeah. It was interesting. Like it was like, uh,
only famous people got in initially.
It was.
Yeah. But it was like blue check.
That's what we were calling it because like I remember,
I didn't know a single regular person that had it,
but all these athletes had it. Every basketball team, a few people had it,
all these actors had it. Yeah. It was just like, how the are they getting it?
See.
That the act, the athlete thing was like, okay,
well these are super athletes and they don't have any, any form of what it was.
They were flying in bro.
You know what? It was here. You come on. Dare.
You. Come on, dude. I feel like it was just using the wrong fountain.
Those days are done.
We can all use any fountain now. Okay. Cut the clip. Send it to CNN.
[inaudible] we found out about eclipse.
That we're going to give CNN this episode alone.
55, 0, 0 problem. Let's talk about them. Let's talk about them.
I feel like the athlete thing was like, okay,
they're super athletes and they don't have any symptoms. Right.
But we're not super athletes. Okay. Yeah.
But then Idris Elba is just a really good shape in shape actor. Well,
he seems okay with Tom Hanks is an older gentleman who doesn't live.
He's in great shape. And he got through it. What is, you know,
and then you find out the flu numbers and they bite. It's not the flu. Okay.
Okay. It's not the flu. Okay. It's not the flu. Yeah. No.
Science is new religion, bro. Well, think about, is, think about it though. No,
but it's money. Money. I really believe this. I really believe same.
With the Monday morning,
but like quarterback and think about like the way religion operated in the past,
right? The second you said anything against the church, they shame you.
They ostracize you. Who the are you? How could you say these things?
They put you in your little box so that you get ex-communicated any of us were
like, you sure it really kills everyone, right? Like, are you sure?
Are you sure? It's that contingency?
What the is Fowchee? Come out of the Keebler elf house,
tell them what's going on. They just rail at you nonstop. And the second.
And the second you say a single thing you are, what did they label you?
As I think Amazon even like took out a book heretic, right?
Wasn't it, is that what determines? I think.
You were a blasphemy or something. One of these things. Right?
And then all of a sudden this information starts to come out where it's like,
okay, it's not that bad. The curve is kind of flattening.
Now the comes out today. That was, it basically said, if you're asymptomatic,
you can't transfer it as easily.
As they thought it's almost right.
So all that worry that we were about kids giving it to the grandmothers.
They're not gonna to. That was the.
Only reason why stores are shut down.
The only reason why comedy clubs shut down restaurants.
Because if you're asymptomatic, you pass on. Now we know you're not.
If you have a cough, if you're sneezing, if you've got the flu, stay the.
Home. That's it. Crank it open. Let's go crank it open. Yeah.
Same all you have to wait mass.
No New Jersey just said they want another a month for.
So this is where we get into like the more my moon. But you don't.
Think this is just people trying to get reelected.
Um, it could be,
but it could be people who are scared of people dying on their watch.
Now it's not the economy that gets reelected. It's people dying on your.
Watch. Well, if someone comes along and says,
the reason why X amount of people died, it could have been much less.
If you had just done the right thing and kept those people safe and kept
everything closed for another month. Right? So I think it's that.
It's also a lot of these people are not healthy people, right?
I know a lot of really intelligent people that are not healthy and they're
terrified of this virus. And I would try to tell them, well, Hey,
let's look at the actual statistics, the actual statistics, sorry.
It doesn't seem like it's fun to catch. Right?
But as long as you have a good level of nutrients in your body, you have, uh,
adequate sufficient levels of vitamin D zinc. You take care of yourself,
get in the sauna, drink a lot of water. Don't get up every night,
don't eat sugar all day. Like you're probably going to be okay.
And maybe what's devastating even more.
So is how many suicides we, we had,
how many people died because because of the depression.
Did you hear that stat?
That like Corona actually saved lives because weren't driving so they didn't get
in car accidents. Oh, that's true. In a weird way, way less people.
It's saved. Car accident, deaths, car accident, deaths. What else was there?
I mean, there was a lot more domestic violence, but a lot more child abuse too.
Really? Yeah. A lot of child abuse, a lot of domestic violence.
And then what's really scary is the suicides because people who are already
barely hanging on, but might've pulled through. If they had a good job,
had a way to make a living.
Now they're broke and they have to beg for money and they get one $1,200 check.
If they, it, everybody, I know that's a comic is making more money.
How all these comics that were like, they're barely,
they were like middling on the road or they were barely doing it.
They get the $1,200 STEMI check. They get furloughed from their job.
So I think you get like 600 bucks or something a month when you're a week or
something. When you're furloughed, they're making like a grand a week.
Like everybody had money, dude. This is the crazy about everything.
The stock market has him Majed.
Well, that's how, you know, the stock market's fake.
Or this is fake. They price out everything. Joe.
They price out every, the super bowl. They price it out. They price out the,
what is it? The other thing we were just in the pandemic, they price out. Right.
And it dipped down the protest right now. They priced out.
They priced out the protest. There was MIT mathematicians. Really? I think.
Call Blix Friedman. Let's get to the bottom. It is.